{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Aptos;}{\f1\froman Georgia;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green23\blue42;\red74\green89\blue112;\red23\green60\blue140;\red239\green244\blue255;}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1080\margr1080\margt900\margb900
\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\sa120\sl320\slmult1
\cf2\f1\fs48\b Yakubu Abdulsalam Enemona\par
\cf4\f0\fs24\b0 Software Developer\par
\cf3\fs20 Lagos State, Nigeria\line 08125229560\line yakubuabdulsalam24434@gmail.com\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs24\b Professional Summary\par
\cf3\fs21\b0 Passionate and self-driven Software Developer with strong experience in building modern web applications, dynamic user interfaces, and graphic design assets. Skilled in frontend development, backend development, and visual design, with a focus on performance, user experience, and scalable solutions. Currently building innovative platforms and exploring advanced UI/UX animations and real-world business solutions.\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs24\b Skills\par
\cf4\fs21\b0 Frontend:\tab HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Tailwind CSS, GSAP, Framer Motion\par
\cf4 Backend:\tab Node.js, Express.js, Python, Supabase, Firebase\par
\cf4 Database:\tab MongoDB, MySQL\par
\cf4 Tools:\tab Git, GitHub, REST APIs, Responsive Design, UI/UX Design, Figma\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs24\b Work Experience\par
\cf2\fs22\b Freelance Software Developer\par
\cf3\fs20\b0 Self-employed / Remote | 2025 - Present\par
\cf3\fs21 - Built and deployed responsive websites for clients across different industries.\par
- Developed a marketplace platform with user authentication and product management.\par
- Designed modern UI with smooth animations to improve user engagement.\par
- Helped small businesses establish an online presence.\par
- Optimized website performance and loading speed.\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs24\b Featured Projects\par
\cf2\fs22\b Valvora Marketplace\par
\cf3\fs20\b0 React, Node.js, MongoDB\par
\cf3\fs21 Built a full marketplace platform for buying and selling products with user authentication, product listing, and a working dashboard.\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs22\b AbduTech 3D Portfolio\par
\cf3\fs20\b0 HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Three.js, GSAP\par
\cf3\fs21 Designed a futuristic portfolio website with advanced animations to showcase projects, skills, and personal brand direction.\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs22\b Logistics Website\par
\cf3\fs20\b0 React, Tailwind CSS\par
\cf3\fs21 Created a clean and professional logistics service platform with a modern interface for service presentation.\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf2\fs24\b Education\par
\cf2\fs22\b Aptech\par
\cf3\fs20\b0 ADSE Advanced Diploma of Software Engineering | 2024 - 2026\par
\cf0\fs8\par

\cf4\fs18 This Word-friendly resume file is included for desktop opening and editing.\par
}
